docs: Docs rework (#544)
open-feature/flagd: README.md

  </a>
</a>
</p>

<h2 align="center"><a href="https://killercoda.com/open-feature/scenario/flagd-demo" target="_blank">Try flagd in the Killercoda Playground (in browser)</a></h4>
<!-- markdownlint-enable MD033 -->

## Features

Flagd is a simple command line tool for fetching and evaluating feature flags for services.

Think of it as a ready-made, open source, OpenFeature compliant feature flag backend system.

- OpenFeature compliant with providers available in many languages

> - Multiple flag configuration sources, including `files`, `http`, `gRPC` and `Kubernetes` can be used simultaneously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Multiple flag configuration sources, including `files`, `http`, `gRPC` and `Kubernetes`
```

I don't think you need that section because it's listed below.

  </a>
</a>
</p>

<h2 align="center"><a href="https://killercoda.com/open-feature/scenario/flagd-demo" target="_blank">Try flagd in the Killercoda Playground (in browser)</a></h4>
<!-- markdownlint-enable MD033 -->

## Features

Flagd is a simple command line tool for fetching and evaluating feature flags for services.

Think of it as a ready-made, open source, OpenFeature compliant feature flag backend system.

- OpenFeature compliant with providers available in many languages
- Multiple flag configuration sources including `files`, `http`, and `Kubernetes` can be used simultaneously
- Accessible over gRPC and HTTP
- Supports subscriptions to real-time flag change events
- Flexible targeting rules based on [JSON Logic](https://jsonlogic.com/)
- Lightweight daemon, with an emphasis on performance
- Native support for metrics using Prometheus

## Quick Start

![logical architecture of flagd](docs/images/flagd-logical-architecture.jpg)
*High level, logical architecture of flagd*

1. flagd can be run as a standalone-binary or container. [Download and install flagd or run it as a container](docs/usage/installation_options.md)

2. Start flagd:

    ```sh

>     // Start flagd

Reviewer: Please make these separate commands so a user can use the copy to clipboard button in GitHub.

    /* Or with docker:
      docker run \
        --rm -it \
        --name flagd \
        -p 8013:8013 \
        ghcr.io/open-feature/flagd:latest start \
        --uri https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-feature/flagd/main/samples/example_flags.flagd.json
    */
    ```

    `--uri` can be a local file or any remote endpoint. Use `file:` prefix for local files. eg. `--uri file:/path/to/example_flags.flagd.json`. `gRPC` and `http` have their own requirements. More information can be found [here](docs/configuration/configuration.md#uri-patterns).

    Multiple `--uri` parameters can be specified. In other words, flagd can retrieve flags from multiple sources simultaneously.

3. Flagd is now ready to perform flag evaluations over either `HTTP(s)` or `gRPC`. This example utilizes `HTTP` via `cURL`.

    ```sh
    // Retrieve a String flag
    curl -X POST "http://localhost:8013/schema.v1.Service/ResolveString" \
      -d '{"flagKey":"myStringFlag","context":{}}' -H "Content-Type: application/json"

    // Result:
    {"value":"val1","reason":"DEFAULT","variant":"key1"}
    ```

>     Updates to the underlying flag store (e.g. JSON file) are reflected by flagd in realtime. No restarts required.

Reviewer: I wonder if step one should be to download the config file locally. That would allow the user to modify the flag config.

  </a>
</a>
</p>

<h2 align="center"><a href="https://killercoda.com/open-feature/scenario/flagd-demo" target="_blank">Try flagd in the Killercoda Playground (in browser)</a></h4>
<!-- markdownlint-enable MD033 -->

## Features

> Flagd is a simple command line tool for fetching and evaluating feature flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flagd is a feature flag daemon with a Unix philosophy.
```

Think of it as a ready-made, open source, OpenFeature compliant feature flag backend system.

> flagd:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- 🌐 OpenFeature compliant and [speaks your language](docs/usage/flagd_providers.md).
- 🆕 Easy to [extend to new languages](docs/other_resources/creating_providers.md).

> - 🔄 Centralized flag management. Use multiple flag sources and vendors. [Flag values are automatically merged](docs/configuration/flag_configuration_merging.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🔄 Aggregate multiple data sources.
```

Talkd to Todd about this. We preferred to keep it shorter and omit vendors for now.

> - 🕒 Feature Flag updates occur in near-realtime (HTTP) or realtime (gRPC)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🕒 Feature Flag updates occur in near-realtime
```

- 💪 Contains a [powerful and flexible rule targeting engine](docs/configuration/reusable_targeting_rules.md) and [deterministic percentage-based rollouts](https://github.com/open-feature/flagd/blob/main/docs/configuration/fractional_evaluation.md).

> - 🔦 [Flag statistics and metrics are exposed](https://example.com) and compatible with Prometheus.

Reviewer: Update the example link.

Author: I'll remove it for now as we don't have the documentation ready. I'll create another PR when that doc is ready.

      -d '{"flagKey":"myStringFlag","context":{}}' -H "Content-Type: application/json"
    ```

    Result:
    
    ```json
    {
      "value": "val1",
      "reason": "DEFAULT",
      "variant":"key1"
    }
    ```

    Updates to the underlying flag store (e.g. JSON file) are reflected by flagd in realtime. No restarts required.

    flagd also supports boolean, integer, float and object flag types. Read more on the [evaluation examples page](docs/usage/evaluation_examples.md)

4. Now that flagd is running, it is time to integrate into your application. Do this by using [an OpenFeature provider in a language of your choice](https://github.com/open-feature/flagd/blob/main/docs/usage/flagd_providers.md).

## 📝 Further Documentation

Further documentation including flagd configuration options, fractional evaluation, targeting rules and flag configuration merging strategies can be found [on this page](docs/README.md).

## 🫶 Contributing

OpenFeature 🫶 contributors.

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on how to contribute to the OpenFeature project.

Our community meetings are held regularly and open to everyone.

> Check the [OpenFeature community page](https://docs.openfeature.dev/community/) for all the ways to get involved.

Reviewer: Oh, nice change 👍
